
Any value (both objects and primitive values) may be used as either a key or a value.
primitive values scene
$string, number, bigint, boolean, undefined, and symbol
In JavaScript, a primitive (primitive value, primitive data type) is 
data that is not an object and has no methods. There are 6 primitive data types:
. . . 
There also is null, which is seemingly primitive, but indeed is a special case for 
every Object: and any structured type is derived from null by the Prototype Chain.

Most of the time, a primitive value is represented directly
at the lowest level of the language implementation.

All primitives are immutable, i.e., they cannot be altered. 
It is important not to confuse a primitive itself with a variable
assigned a primitive value. The variable may be reassigned a new value,
but the existing value can not be changed in the ways that 
objects, arrays, and functions 
can be altered.

i m m u t a b l e: missions (0)
0-null: a whole bit of silence?
create a new string that spaces out userinputed string || style a user typing box 

https://youtu.be/4IrUAqYKjIA?t=3495

I think there are a few proposals I have.
1. Dadeuce: the fern
2. Who they know (contact list with null or broken values)
3. bomb = 2x3( hp-1, 2 turn)
4. l/r + u/d (hp-1, 2 turn)
5. critical strike (hp-2, 1 turn)
6. flipcolor as function of "mode" (who.name/pic, where.grid, what.hands, where.wants)
7. hit? (y/n)
8. please read aloud: "         " (miccheck(?))
https://ulistentome.wordpress.com/2014/10/24/recording-mp3-using-only-html5-and-javascript-recordmp3-js/
9.  


magic tips for mutation deck
ideal start hand: mirror shield (draw octopus/fast frog) + several mutations unstoppable

how about if you die, your character card stays there with all your gear
so you return to hero choose (-1 hero) different and go get it back!

the card flipped text, color toggle?
or better yet a flipped and marked.

or only one card can be flipped over at a time? (fog of war!)

.has.memories
.has.catchphrase


https://www.jorgelucero.com/notes-from-the-underbelly

2020, October 31: on the scariness of days and "palimpsestical programming"
as any eventual evaluation of grade level to the writing could demonstrate,
clear writing has a powerful aura.  simplicity in concept and form, looks
like iteration and recursion. in america, people's front facing facade and
yard are the the main canvas to express spooky or spoopy concepts (such as
ghosts, screaming loudly enough to be heard in a neighbors living-room, and
robotic scariness). As a German who works for Australian universities to 
recruit high-quality and actually amazing Chinese students wrote me today:

this election is scarier than Hollowe'en.

indeed.  but there is something raw and beautiful about being part of the
world stage, and all you have to do is vote.  the Census let you count
JUST BY BEING, citizen or not.  inspired by that principle, to translate 
into websites; citizenship requires at least a username and password, but
you can express yourself and help your community just by letting us count
you, where and when and how many people live in your home what are their
relationships are you hispanic specifically? also what race are you but 
please be aware that for the 2020 Census hispanic and latino is not a race,
but you can select other and then i'll input whatever you want............

obviously, we must focus on the principle behind this moment's execution;
the data and the structure, to what end? 

akward laughter is a sign that someone is expressing uncomfort. in websites,
like in life, many animals will do their best to leave or fight the source.
luckily, most americans, like most humans, are constantly experiencing or 
ignoring multiple points of discomfort. as these grating gears repeatedly
prod and bruise you, it is mother nature's gift that we habituate to the
smell of bullshit or an achilles heel. 

until you don't. the fear and hate and anger do come from within, chemicals
or algorithms; 


